are you sponsored by Hennessey are you a
walking testimony I came into this with
no financial motivation
you shouldn't have to get paid from a
company to be a fan of something I feel
like that's Fugazi do you get paid to
drink this Oh y'all get paid I'm not
sponsored by them I'm just a fan
somebody would say that Hennessy is
liquor alcohol Italy isn't alcohol I
never got anything from any company I've
turned down money other companies that
aren't Hennessy I've tried to like pay
me money to do differentiate and I've
told him no because any gamer dies what
is this that you have in your hand it's
my baby I'm gonna be 80 years old so
they're talking about the same shit whoo
that is really Hennessy
[Music]
I got the antidote I got more energy and
I could ever drink or do uh is this real
life versus enact anything is really
possible anything is really possible